Update top level README for 100.8 release (#878)
Esri/arcgis-runtime-samples-ios: README.md

This repository contains Swift sample code demonstrating the capabilities of [ArcGIS Runtime SDK for iOS](https://developers.arcgis.com/ios/latest/) and how to use them in your own app. The project that can be opened in Xcode and run on a simulator or a device. Or you can [download the app from the App Store](https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/arcgis-runtime-sdk-for-ios/id1180714771) on your iOS device.

![](SampleApp.png)

The ```master``` branch of this repository contains samples configured for the latest available version of ArcGIS Runtime SDK for iOS. For samples configured for older versions of the SDK,  look under the ```Releases``` tab for a specific version.

## Features

* Maps - Open, create, inteact with and save maps
* Layers - Layer types offered by the SDK
* Features - Working with feature layers
* Display Information - Displaying graphics, popups and callouts
* Search - Finding an address
* Edit Data - Adding, deleting and editing features
* Geometry - Displaying geometries
* Route & Directions - Find a route around barriers and get turn-by-turn directions
* Analysis - 
* Cloud & Portal - 
* Scenes - Display scenes, 3D symbols, and scene layers
* Utility Network - 

> * Augmented Reality - 

Author: I've re-ordered the categories according to the samples app. However, we need to come up with a few one-line description for each new category.

1. **Open** the `arcgis-ios-sdk-samples.xcodeproj` **project** file
1. **Run** the `arcgis-ios-sdk-samples` app target
    > If you get the error message saying _"This Copy Files build phase contains a reference to a missing file 'ArcGISToolkit.framework'"_, you probably didn't clone the repo to include it's submodule. See Step 1 above.

## Building samples with CocoaPods

1. **Fork** and then **clone** the repository
1. **Install** the ArcGIS Runtime SDK for iOS by running the `pod install` command in the folder where you cloned this repository
1. **Open** the `arcgis-ios-sdk-samples.xcworkspace` **workspace** file
1. **Select** the `arcgis-ios-sdk-samples` project node, go to the `Build Phases` tab, and **delete** the phases for `Embed Frameworks` and `Strip Frameworks` (these phases conflict with CocoaPods and are only required when using the installed SDK as described in the previous section)
1. **Select** the `ArcGISToolkit.xcodeproj` project node and **delete** it. (this project dependency conflicts with CocoaPods and is only required when using the installed SDK as described in the previous section)

> 1. **Run** the `arcgis-ios-sdk-samples` app target

Reviewer: Should this and the previous enumerated section be renumbered?

Author: As this README will only live in GitHub, it is OK to keep it as is. Nevertheless I'll leave it for Philip to judge.

Do you have suggestions on the category summary above? I not really good at summarizing stuff within a few words. 🤔

Reviewer 2: I don't have a preference either way.

## Licensing

> Copyright 2020 Esri

Author: I'm not sure if this line should be updated, but I saw .NET and [Android](https://github.com/Esri/arcgis-runtime-samples-android/commit/c6e07a8fc7165029b7dd57745f9eac2f6b97d682) updates their year info.

See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.

> A copy of the license is available in the repository's [LICENSE](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Esri/arcgis-runtime-samples-ios/master/LICENSE) file.

Reviewer 2: Maybe this should link to the file on GitHub rather than the raw file?
```suggestion
A copy of the license is available in the repository's [LICENSE](https://github.com/Esri/arcgis-runtime-samples-ios/blob/master/LICENSE) file.
```
